Docs: move "Running on supercomputers" section (#4242)
aiidateam/aiida-core: docs/source/intro/tutorial.rst

    .. dropdown:: Run computations on High Performance Computers

        Connecting to supercomputers

>             To setup up a computer which can communicate with a HPC over SSH, see the :ref:`how-to for running external codes <how-to:run-codes>`, or add a :ref:`custom transport <how-to:plugin-codes:transport>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            To setup up a computer which can communicate with a high-performance computer over SSH, see the :ref:`how-to for running external codes <how-to:run-codes>`, or add a :ref:`custom transport <how-to:plugin-codes:transport>`.
```

>             To setup up a computer which can communicate with a HPC over SSH, see the :ref:`running on supercomputers how-to <how-to:run-codes:computer:performance>`, or add a :ref:`custom transport <how-to:plugin-codes:transport>`.

Author: ```suggestion
            To setup up a computer which can communicate with a HPC over SSH, see the :ref:`how-to for running external codes <how-to:run-codes>`, or add a :ref:`custom transport <how-to:plugin-codes:transport>`.
```
